hey everyone welcome back this is d h TV
and today i have one of the coolest
videos I've ever uploaded to this
channel I'm going to be showing you
today how to connect your nexus 7 or
Android device to the PlayStation 3
controller let's get started
alright so as I said this is going to
work on some Android devices
specifically the Nexus 7 I also know it
works on the galaxy s three as well as
the s4 now I'm also going to put some
other devices that it works with in the
description so definitely check that out
to find your device if you have any
questions leave them in the comment box
I'll get to them as soon as I can now
you're also going to need a few things
you're obviously going to need the
PlayStation 3 controller you're going to
need the USB cable that comes with your
PlayStation 3 controller now if you have
a playstation 3 obviously this stuff is
going to be already with you you're also
going to need an OTG adapter and this is
basically the female end of a USB cable
and then micro USB on the other end
we're going to plug this up to the Nexus
7 now if you don't have any of these
things specifically this one most of
you'll probably have to pick up this is
really cheap blinky 21 in the
description down below cost me about a
dollar 49 and I don't suggest you go to
bestbuy because they have theirs set to
like nineteen dollars and that's
ridiculous so I'll link you to this
cable the charging cable as well as the
PlayStation controller if you don't have
one alright so now let's go ahead and
plug everything up so we'll plug the USB
to the OTG adapter and we'll go ahead
and plug that up to the nexus 7 or
whatever device you're using and then
obviously just plugging the other end of
the cable to the PlayStation controller
now when you do start up a game make
sure that the control is set up by
pressing the PS button in the middle if
that still doesn't work just disconnect
the USB from the controller and then
connect it again press the PS button and
you're good to go the controller works
really well as you can see from this
game here Shadowgun deadzone it's really
smooth there's no lag within the control
and the game and it really gives you
that console feel now the control won't
be supported with all games like fruit
ninja would be pointless as that game
revolves around swiping across be
pointless to use to control for that but
for games like this shooter games like
that trigger like I showed you at the
beginning in the little box as well as
games like Sonic which bring back the
Sega Genesis style work really well and
personally I love the games like death
trigger
shadowgun do they give you the online
type of gameplay specifically shadowgun
where you can play the deathmatch games
like you wait with call of duty anyway
guys thanks for watching thumbs up if
you liked it or found this cool and if
you want to see me post more videos like
this one right here I will be doing a
follow up video showing you all the best
games that work with the PlayStation
control as well as a video showing you
how you can do this if you had a rooted
device because that's going to be pretty
awesome you can actually connect it up
to your TV and have full screen android
games playing with your PlayStation
control will be crazy to be like a
console without having your console
anyway guys thanks for watching once
again and I will see you in the next one